LinkedIn Audience Sync - EA (MERGE 5/18) (#5448)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/linkedin_audience_sync.md

{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3}

## Integration

### Step 1: Connect to LinkedIn

In the Braze dashboard, go to **Technology Partners** and select **LinkedIn**. In the LinkedIn Audience Export module, click **Connect LinkedIn**.

![LinkedIn technology page in Braze includes an Overview module and LinkedIn Audience Export module with the Connected LinkedIn button.][3]{: style="max-width:75%;"}

You’ll then be redirected to the LinkedIn OAuth page to authorize Braze for the permissions related to your Audience Sync integration. Once you have selected **Confirm**, you’ll be redirected back into Braze to select which LinkedIn ad accounts you wish to sync to. 

![][7]{: style="max-width:75%;"}

Once you have successfully connected, you will be returned to the partner page, where you can view which accounts are connected and disconnect existing accounts.

![][6]{: style="max-width:75%;"}

> Your LinkedIn connection will be applied at the Braze app group level. If your LinkedIn admin removes you from your LinkedIn ad account, Braze will detect an invalid token. As a result, your active Canvases using LinkedIn will show errors, and Braze will not be able to sync users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your LinkedIn connection will be applied at the Braze workspace level. If your LinkedIn admin removes you from your LinkedIn ad account, Braze will detect an invalid token. As a result, your active Canvases using LinkedIn will show errors, and Braze will not be able to sync users.
```
